welcome to copper does Christmas I'm
gonna be doing a few videos over the
Christmas period start with some gift
guides and heading into small other
Christmassy bits which are a bit more
fun and possibly doing vlogmas not
really sure yet I've been debating it
for a while and I think it's a really
good idea but I can only upload at my
boyfriend's that's kind of proving to be
a bit miniature my gift guides I'm gonna
be uploading first night it's no be the
best friend sisters and young people
team kind of go what is this all into
one because if you're like me I only
really buy for my two stepsisters and
three of my best friends so I'm kind of
aiming this like a young person young
adult eating any one of it isn't
actually for my best friend or my
sisters or anyone it's for myself but
I've thrown everything together because
I thought that I'd do a video which is
not too obvious why I have actually
bought people because I don't want them
to know what it finds so first thing I
bought is from TK Maxx is this Ted beta
phone case which is kind of Christmasy
in the prone and I really like to outfit
was really nice and perfect this season
but you could kind of keep it but we
Rome is $6.99 it was meant to be about
20 pounds I thought this is just a
really nice thing if you've got a friend
or a sister that loves to change their
phone case and likes to keep up to date
with different cases and obviously TK
Maxx do have variations of stock so you
might not get its exact one but they do
do really good phone cases the next
thing I got is this tin which is also
from TK Maxx and it just isn't it mother
did you say hello it's a retro tin which
is up see the old Kellogg's adverts and
I just so it was a really cute
10 the print goes all the way around and
it's just a really nice addition to your
house whether it's your bedroom or your
kitchen or if you choose to have it it
could look cool some flowers in it
cool can you put your jewelry in it you
could use it for the kitchen feel cereal
subsets attention and it's just a really
vast top 10 and they come in loads of
different prints and stuff which is
perfect for whoever the person is
because obviously everyone has a little
bit different take the next one is
slightly Christmassy and is this coaster
mug which I'm sure you've all seen if
you've been into krytus that it was so
adorable it's a ceramic cup so it's
really substantial you could use it as a
model year round but then also you put
the travel cup at the top which means to
take it wherever you want to take it in
its name and there's an elf this is
Santa it's a reindeer
there's different styles and they're
just really cute and a fun little
present for anyone that likes coffee and
likes the next present is a little bit
different it is this switch to which kit
which is a which makeup bag and it's got
loads of goodies and sizes to show you
some of them this is just a really easy
present for some of you like stick
people to the best skincare you've got a
nice little fun inside with which logo
you've also got some face lights you've
got two mattifying moisturizer the
blemish stick which is my absolute
favorite if you know from watching my
video there's also the blackhead
clearing gel and the witch witch hazel
bursting beads face but all of these are
things I actually use on a regular basis
so buying it for someone else I know
they're gonna work I know they're gonna
like them so I thought that was quite a
good present because it just means that
you've got things that you know works
it's not just like a typical skin camera
its present is but if you have someone
like myself that one direction path you
these obviously now this is the oldest
one that they the first one they ever
did but there is two more now and you
can buy them a gift set all over or
similar presents are really good for
people because they are just an easy
present and if you know what kind of
thing they like they're just something
that you know that is gonna last them a
long time and they're gonna actually
need and want in that one direction one
I have personally chosen to show you
because I really like the smell of it
and I think that this is probably one of
the best celebrity perfumes that's ever
actually been these two presents are for
the selfie lover of your life the first
is a selfie stick which you can pick up
absolutely everywhere this is the
authentic selfie stick which cost about
15 pounds you can buy them pretty much
anywhere on I'm getting on places like
eBay and stuff for cheaper obviously
you've just got to shop around a little
bit to find that this one is a
remote-controlled one and it has the
separate remote control but it does have
an attachment so you can put it onto
thing which I'm thinking about doing
because it's a bit annoying to have the
two separate you can also get ones that
have a little button so it's just an
easier one they cut it in two colors as
well so this is quite a good present for
a selfie lover and the next one is this
makeup back which is from real concerns
and it just says my selfie preparation
kit this is also another thing perfect
for some that lots of selfie because
it's just a nice makeup bag and it's
upstate it's a really nice color palette
and it's just an easy
I have friends like I do that are trying
to use a bit of weight or just want to
be healthier then another perfect
present would be the tiny tea detox kit
14-day detox but you can also get 28
days I'd go for 14 days if you're buying
it someone just to be on the safe side
but it's got three teabags a day and
it's just a really good detox to use to
cleanse your body of any toxins and
stuff and it gives you loads of energies
when it's helping you lose weight this
is kind of like a nice little present if
you have someone that maybe wants to
lose a bit of weight or just or a detox
or just be a bit healthier then for like
here for the home lover or candle lover
is this really cute candle like a
powdery smell it's really beautiful I
have one of these myself and it's got a
nice little picture and makeup thing on
top and it's just a really nice jar it
kind of looks like a Yankee bit a bit
squash and it's pink and these come in
loads a different color there were loads
of different sizes as well they do
smaller ones and bigger ones they're
quite good if you just want to buy
someone a candle but you don't want to
pay for you and also these lanterns
which one is actually burning behind me
as you can see these lanterns are really
affordable and they're so cute for
brightening up a room I personally use
mine for the background of my YouTube
videos and it does give a hell of a lot
of light so they're really good for just
brightening the room or just using as a
display and you'll have following on
with the skincare lovers it's also two
more gift sets the first one is the
balanced me rose or taupe bath and body
set which you can buy on weight choice
this comes with body cream and shower
gel so it's really good for someone that
just maybe likes a bit of pampering
balance me is really good as well
because they were all really organic and
friendly to your skin so they're not
damaging at all I also have a Bayliss
and Harding boudoirs a nice body set
Bailey's and hiding are quite annoying
for their gift set and they're really
really full definitely recommend
something like this for just if you have
someone that likes bath products and
pampering themselves then I have a
really really fun present which I found
in tea came out
alongside the camera lens mugs which are
five pounds in there exist this boxer
mug which is a cute little square shaped
mark which is like a boxer you can also
get a pug one but they didn't have the
pug mug there so I just got the box of
one I thought it was so cute and it's
just different kind of mug to have in
your collection whether you use it as a
mug or for storage of some sort you have
a beauty addict on your hands something
like these mini brushes from Barry M
would be a really cute present these are
so affordable and they are just a
miniature set of everything you'd need
for everyday use or you could go for the
Lauren's weight dream rollers if you
have someone who likes to pamper
themselves hair life these are kind of
like a other version of the sleepin
rollers which are really popular they're
really squishy they're really easy to
put in and they're perfect for just
giving a bit of volume if you know
someone that likes big bouncy hair or
just only maybe wants to give it a try
please the first part of my gift guide
on hashtag Cooper does Christmas I hope
you enjoyed the video and you've got
some inspiration for what you could get
your friends and family girl wise young
people young girl teenage sister young
friend person what Chris is all things
are really affordable
nothing is over about 25 pounds so don't
think that it's an expensive hot who
will be coming later in the week or next
week so keep your eyes peeled for that
one and I'll be doing the older
generation so mum auntie grandma accept
any questions about any other gifts or
anything else drop them in the comments
below remember to give it a big thumbs
up and subscribe and I will see you in
my next video